[Week3](../README.md) &ensp;&ensp;&ensp; [Week4](./week4.md) &ensp;&ensp;&ensp; [Week5](./week5.md) &ensp;&ensp;&ensp; [Week6](./week6.md)
&ensp;&ensp;&ensp; [Week7](./week7.md) &ensp;&ensp;&ensp; [Week8](./week8.md) &ensp;&ensp;&ensp; [Week9](./week9.md) &ensp;&ensp;&ensp; [Week11](./week11.md)

### Crossing the Chasm - 20.11.20

#### Crossing the chasm and bowling alley strategy
When we started planning our consultancy, we were thinking of a broad spectrum of potential customers, e.g. businesses that do not have the resource to visualize and analyse their own data. Mostly, we assumed that this would be small to medium size companies. In order to apply the bowling alley strategy to our concept, we need to find a niche in our target market to get started from. Since consultancies need to have a good relationship with their customer and need to earn their trust, we think that it might be a good idea to start out in our local area. That way we can start building a connection to the companies where we are able to visit them on-site and they are able to visit us. When we started considering the different types of companies that we could start focusing on, we decided that a good starting point could be to focus on restaurants. Aarhus has a lot of restaurants and cafés and we believe that the type of data they gather or that they can potentially gather is very similar to each other. This would help us getting started with the ability to easily reuse work that has already been done for other clients. The direct and personal work with clients could help us understand what the potential insights are that restaurants can gather from their data. E.g. they could analyse their inventory and start avdertising meals by the amount of ingredients they have in stock. They could also figure out which meals do not sell as well as others and either scratch them from the menu or pay special attention to those meals when advertising. We believe that an additional advantage of starting among local restaurants would be the potential networking between those restaurants. People working in different restaurants might talk about the product when they are pleased with the work which could lead to more interest. After working with multiple clients, it might be possible to create a platform product that can be sold without the initial consultancy aspect. We believe a second step could be to extend to local businesses that do not necessarily focus on selling food or drinks. These companies also have data like inventory and sales available and it might be possible to tweak the solution for restaurants in such a way that it also works for other businesses. After that we believe that it might be a good idea to expend geographically in the market. Except for just catering to businesses in this area, we would be able to take on clients from all over Denmark. This might come at the expense of having really close contact to the clients, however, physical client meetings are not impossible but will probably not be as frequent as in the local area. In summary, we will start in the niche of local restaurants, expand to other small local business (preferably those that sell physical goods) and then move on to expand geographically. 

#### Blitzscaling

- __Marketsize__: We believe that the initial market size is big enough to find potential customers. Additionally, it is easy to expend to nearby cities or other places in Denmark. 
- __Distribution__: Since there are many restaurants and cafés, we believe that satisfied customers might talk to each other. Many restaurants are close in vicinity which leads us to believe that they talk to each other. 
- __High Growth Margin__: If we manage to develop a platform product after the initial consultancy phase, then the growth margin will be very high since we can sell a software product instead of developing a new one every time. When expanding into different domains, this advantage might change since the needs to restaurants have might not be applicable to that domain. If we're going with the very broad concept of doing consultancy for any business, the growth margin is smaller because we need to develop a new solution for each customer, even though we might be able to reuse previous work here and there. 
- __Network Effect__: We think that the network effect is the weakest link in our concept. We do not see why another restaurant, for example, would benefit from other restaurants using the same product as they do. So this would be a potential area to improve. 

Generally, we believe that the initial concept of creating a consultancy does not apply to a Blitzscaling strategy. It is about creating a trustworthy relationship to the customer which takes time and resources but will also yield a personal product that will enhance that specific companies business process. However, as proprosed above in the bowling alley strategy, we might be able to create a product that caters to a market niche which could be scalable. 


